You're lying there in bed at night.
You're staring at the ceiling and you're
running through scenarios. What if this?
What if that? What if I lose my job?
What if I can't pay my bills? What if AI
takes over the world?
>> But how do you stop?
>> I want to attack it on three different
levels.
>> This is Mel Robbins, whose simple,
practical advice has changed millions of
lives. But it didn't start that way.
>> I'm 57. I screwed things up for a long
time. I did not achieve the success in
my life that you see until my 50s. There
were periods of my career that were
driven by desperation and need. I had
[music] leans on my house. We were
$800,000 in debt and I was the soul
bread winner. The truth is desperation
is an incredible motivator.
>> Now she's a best-selling author. Her
book Let Them [music] is on track to
become the fastests selling non-fiction
book in history. She's a businesswoman
running a global media company and her
podcast has been nominated for a Golden
Globe. And if you have that sense right
now that you're like, I'm not where I
want to be, great. You just woke the
hell up. and what you're bumping into is
your ambition. Lean into that. How do
you realize that moment when you need to
stop doing whatever you're doing and
just shift towards something new?
>> Thank you so much, Mel, for being here.
>> Well, thank you. Yeah, it's just it's
fascinating to talk to you because I
know you inspired a lot of people who
surround me and uh we're in a weird age
where a lot of people wake up in the
middle of the night worried that AI is
taking away their job
>> that the world is changing faster than
they can understand the change.
>> When something like this hits in the
middle of the night,
>> what should people be doing to stop this
anxiety?
>> Well, it's an excellent question and I
want to attack it on three different
levels. First of all, I want to
acknowledge that being nervous about
something that is out of your control is
a normal and healthy reaction to a
moment in history when there is so much
that is changing. And I once heard
somebody say at a big corporate
conference that right now is the single
slowest moment of change you'll
experience for the rest of your life.
>> Which of course spiked everybody's
anxiety levels in the audience. Um, but
so I want you to understand that's a
normal response to an unprecedented
amount of change. So there's nothing
wrong with you. That's number one.
Number two is I struggled with anxiety
for decades and I fundamentally did not
understand what it was. And so I'm going
to offer up a kind of larger way to
think about anxiety and then we're going
to talk about two tools that you can
use. Okay. So, I always thought about
anxiety as this big thing that I was
going to feel forever because I had it
chronically and I made a lot of mistakes
that uh medical doctors and my
psychotherapists and lots of people that
specialize in anxiety have now taught me
to be very helpful. So, one big course
correction I want you to make is I want
you to stop saying I have anxiety and I
want you to say I feel anxious because
and the reason why is we're going to
teach you today and these are tools that
have been extremely effective for me.
They have been effective for all three
of my adult children. These are tools
that are backed by research, not my
research, research from medical doctors,
research from people at Harvard Medical
School that specialize in anxiety and
understanding
that you can have a anxious feeling and
you can feel this alarm going off in
your body. That's what Dr. Russell
Kennedy says anxiety is. You can feel
this alarm. And you can learn how to
slowly separate yourself from the alarm
that you're feeling because that's what
you're feeling if you're laying awake at
3:00 at night and you're worrying about
AI and you're worrying about your bills
and you're worrying about the state of
the world and you're worrying about your
kids and you're worrying about your
parents that are getting older and all
of these things are important things to
worry about, but let's help you put it
all in a bigger context so that you cope
with it better. Okay. So, anxiety is an
alarm in your body that goes off
whenever there is something in the
future that you feel uncertain about,
which means you don't know how it's
going to turn out and you feel like you
can't control it. Okay?
>> If you understand that it's an alarm,
Dr. Russell Kennedy also says that all
anxiety is separation anxiety. Now, when
he first said that, I was like, "What
the hell are you talking separate?" I
know it is not. I'm not separate from
it. And he's like, "No, no, no. You are
separating from your capacity
to handle whatever is going to happen."
>> Yeah.
>> Because if you really think about it,
you're lying there in bed at night,
you're awake, you're staring at the
ceiling, and you're running through
scenarios. What if this? What if that?
What if I lose my job? What if I can't
pay my bills? What if AI takes over the
world? And robots are like all that. So,
you've just gone up into your head, and
now you're in a what if loop. And all
the thinking makes the alarm worse. And
what I want you to know is that you're
going to feel these moments for the rest
of your life because there's so much
that's out of your control. There is a
lot of uncertainty. But here's what I
want you to be certain of. What you can
be certain of is that you are capable of
figuring it out. You are capable through
your attitude, through your actions over
time. You are capable of navigating the
challenges in your life. And I want you
to start to understand that all moments
of anxiety are a moment where you doubt
your capacity to handle it. That's what
it is. But how do you tell yourself like
how do you prove to yourself that you're
able to go through challenges? Because
sometimes when I think about like my
path and my journey, like, "Oh, I got
lucky here. I got very lucky here. And I
also got lucky here." Yes.
>> What if I'm not lucky that [laughter]
>> Well, you might not be, but even if
you're not lucky, even if life isn't
fair, even if a lot of unlucky things
happen, even if horrible things that you
don't deserve happen to you, you're
capable of figuring it out. You're
capable of surviving it. You are capable
of navigating the challenges that life
throws at you. You do not have to have
it all figured out if you can stand in
this moment and say, "I trust in my
ability to be okay. I trust in my
ability to learn and grow through this.
I trust in my ability to figure it out
as life comes at me." And so, it's
important to understand that what Dr.
Russell Kennedy meant when he said,
"It's separation anxiety. You're
separating from the truth." And the
truth is, you can figure it out. It may
not be easy.
It may be challenging, but you can
double down on the belief that no matter
what, you are capable of navigating
life's challenges. Not by avoiding them,
but by having your own back as they come
to you and at you. So, understanding the
larger context is really important. Now,
let's talk about some tools that you can
use. So, there's some really interesting
research that you should do before
bedtime. And this is so fascinating. We
just covered this on the Mel Robbins
podcast. They did this research where
that was about ruminating where you lay
in bed at night and you worry about all
the stuff that is coming and that you
didn't do and the texts that you didn't
respond to. What happened to today's
meeting?
>> A lot of people like do a gratitude
practice. That's wonderful at night. But
I want you to keep a little piece of
paper next to your bed and write down a
to-do list of all the things that you're
worried about. It sounds crazy. And all
of the things you didn't do today. Mhm.
>> And here's what they found in research.
It's as effective as a prescription
sleep aid. That you'll fall asleep
between 8 to 10 minutes faster if you do
this. And here's why. Based on the
research, again, not my research. This
is super cool research. Your brain runs
on these open loops.
>> And it really wants to remind you of
things that it thinks are important. And
if you've been worrying about stuff,
whether it's out in the future or all
the things you didn't get to, it keeps
the open loops open and the tabs open.
When you write it down on a list, you're
basically signaling to your mind, okay,
it's right here. You can stop. You can
close all the tabs.
>> It's kind of done. Not done, but it's
done.
>> Yes. But then, and if you're somebody
that's like type A or you worry a lot,
you don't need to worry also because you
got the list.
>> Yeah.
>> It's going to remind you in the morning.
>> So, that's genius tactic to help you.
And you can use this in the middle of
the night if you really can't let go
>> in the moment. Also, in the middle of
the night, what I do in those times
where life is terrifying, like maybe you
have somebody that's waiting on a
diagnosis,
maybe you know layoffs are coming next
week, maybe you have to break up with
somebody and you've been avoiding it and
avoiding it and avoiding it and it's
something that you think about a lot
when you wake up at 3:00 in the morning.
I just want you to put your hand on your
chest. I want you to just take a deep
breath [sighs and gasps]
and just say, "I'm okay and I'm capable
of figuring this out. This isn't going
to be easy, but I know that I will be
okay." And sometimes in life, things
aren't supposed to be easy. It shouldn't
be easy to break up with somebody
because
you care about them. It shouldn't be
easy to navigate health challenges. It
shouldn't be easy to face a job where
you might get a layoff. These are very
difficult things. Yeah.
>> And so it is a very healthy response to
life's challenges to feel the weight of
them, but that doesn't mean you're not
capable of handling it.
>> I love that. So basically talking to
yourself about being able to
>> and here's one final thing. Use your
name. So there's interesting research
about the importance of words. And when
I say Mel, you are capable of figuring
this out versus I'm capable of figuring
this out. Again, I I even didn't use the
research when I was coaching you just a
minute ago. Mel, you're capable of
figuring this out. Mel, you're going to
be okay. Mel, like no wonder you're
stressed. It's a lot and you're doing
enough and you're going to be okay.
>> I think Chad JBT uses that research
because when I ask for advice from it
was Marina, you're amazing. Yes. You're
doing everything right. It's just this,
this, and this.
>> Yes. And you know, that's an interesting
way to use AI is to basically
have it talk to you that way. it. I'm
going through X, Y, and Z. Please
validate how difficult this is and
encourage and remind me that I am
capable of figuring this out. And please
tell me based on research three things
that are within my ability, that I can
focus on, that I'm capable, that will
help me navigate this.
>> I love this. Yeah, this is how I started
using AI a lot. And the magical thing is
then when you have a typical query like
oh I'm planning this trip or I want to
book this hotel it actually knows what
you're going through. So it will give
advice based on that. So it's no longer
just a recommendation. It's basically a
coach that's trying to navigate your
life with you. And you know, I think for
for somebody like if you're watching or
you're listening and you're going
through something very difficult, like
maybe you're a caregiver, whether it's
of little kids and or it's of aging
parents or you are navigating a period
in your life where maybe all your
friends have met somebody and you have
just gone through a breakup and you're
the only single one in your friend group
and you feel very lonely about it. One
of the things that I think can be very
helpful is helping you figure out how to
have an assistant that's helping you
navigate these things in a positive way.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> I want to pause here for a second
because while I was preparing for this
conversation with Mel, something clicked
for me. We're all using so many digital
tools right now. Our photos, our
documents, our screens, even our voice
go into these systems. And when you're
juggling dozens of these tools every
day, it starts to feel like you're not
really in control anymore. And I think
that's the real issue. It's not about
technology being bad. I love technology.
It's that people genuinely don't
understand what's happening with their
data behind the scenes. And that lack of
clarity, that's exactly why trust in
tech is at an all-time low right now.
User Centrics did some research and it
turns out many people feel the same way.
According to their data, 62% of
consumers feel like they've become the
product. 77% don't understand how their
data is handled and 92% of Americans are
concerned about their privacy when using
the internet. This isn't just
statistics. This is real consumer
behavior that affects the future of your
product. If you run a website or online
business, you might not even realize
you're unknowingly breaking privacy
laws. Most of us aren't lawyers, and the
cost of getting it wrong can be
devastating. That's where Cookie Bot CMP
comes in. It's an automated consent
management solution that scans your
website, identifies every cookie and
tracker, and manages user consent at
scale. It's Google certified and
automatically updates when regulations
change, covering CPA, CCPA, e- privacy,
and more. Cookiebot integrates easily
with WordPress, Shopify, Wix, and other
popular platforms. Plans start at just
$8 a month, and it's even free for small
websites. If you're building something
you want people to trust and use, check
out Cookiebot by User Centrics. I've got
a special link in the description where
you can get 15% off for 6 months. Thanks
again, User Centrics, for supporting
this conversation. Now, let's get back
to our conversation with Mel and talk
about taking control and building a
future you actually feel good about. So,
we talked a lot about anxiety, but for a
lot of people, especially like me who
are like middle-aged women with kids, a
lot of anxiety comes from a feeling
that, you know, I'm not where I'm
supposed to be in my life. I think I was
meant for more.
>> How do you realize that moment when you
need to stop doing whatever you're doing
and just shift towards something new?
How do you do that? So, one of the
things I want to validate is that if
you're having a feeling that you're not
where you thought you would be, I want
to have you first ask based on what?
>> Like your childhood dreams. I don't
know.
>> Okay. Well, you need to be very clear.
Is it based on what you want or is it
based on everybody else's timelines?
Because there's a big difference between
feeling like you're not where you
personally wanted to be based on your
personal goals versus comparing your
timeline to everybody else's.
>> Yeah.
>> And everybody, especially when you
graduate from university or high school,
you know, you've been in this kind of
lock step with everybody moving through
life, especially university, right? And
then you get to your 20s and I call this
the great scattering. Everybody moves in
completely different directions. They
follow different careers. And so one of
the dangerous things that I think
happened to people in their 20s and
their 30s is you start to look around
and you see people achieving things that
you really want, but they're achieving
them on a timeline that's completely
different than the timeline that's meant
for you.
>> Yeah. And so there's a difference and
you got to separate that from what is it
that you actually want in life deeply
versus when is it happening because
there are very few things. One of them
for women obviously is whether or not
you're going to have children naturally.
There is a very real timeline for that.
But for everything else I mean for God's
sakes like I I'm 57. I did not achieve
the success in my life that you see
until my 50s which is extraordinary. Did
I want it in my 30s? You better believe
I did. But and did I get jealous of
people that were achieving things that I
wanted then? Yes, absolutely. But what
that is if you extract the timeline is
there's a difference between when
something happens and what is happening.
And if you have that sense right now
that you're like, I'm not where I want
to be. Great. You just woke the hell up.
And what you're bumping into is your
ambition. There are things that you
want.
>> Yeah.
>> And lean into that. If you're
dissatisfied with some aspect of your
life, that is incredible data. I think
the points of friction in your life tell
you more about what you want than the
things that are going well.
>> Yeah. Well, love it. But how do you
stop? Like what do you mean? How do you
stop?
>> You're I don't know. You're in a job
that kind of pays the bills, right? And
if you quit,
>> it stops paying the bills. Yes. and
you're on to this.
>> Who said you should quit?
>> But how do you start a new venture if
you have kids in the evening and during
the day?
>> Well, I guarantee you you have time.
You're wasting it on stupid things like
look how much time you spend online. Is
that advancing the things that you want?
Look at how you waste time on the
weekends. Look at how much time you
spend watching everybody else's life
versus investing that same time in
building something toward the future. I
don't think you should quit your job. I
think you should use your job as a way
to pay your bills and then get very
serious with yourself. What is it that I
actually want? And one of the coolest
things about life right now is, you
know, when I was your age, we didn't
have the internet. I didn't have social.
I didn't have AI.
I couldn't do research. I people were
not writing memoirs or writing blogs or
sharing information the way that you do.
Everything was kind of this giant
mystery as to how people got successful
or how people built things. And so you
live in a moment of time where if you
get serious about protecting your time,
if you get clear about what you want,
see I think the reason why a lot of
people are unhappy is they don't even
know what they want. They just know they
are not happy where they are. How do you
know what you want?
>> You know, I think most people don't have
what they want because they haven't even
stopped to define what they want. And if
you're somebody who is like, "Well, I
don't know what I want." Here's a couple
pieces of advice. You can do this
exercise, and this is really good for
business, too. Take out a blank piece of
paper, draw a line down the center, and
on the left hand side of the page,
you're going to write down absolutely
everything where you feel friction in
your body. everything where there is
tension,
what is not working about your life. And
you will be surprised because you know
what's not working. You know that you
feel terrible because you have not seen
the inside of a gym in a year. You know
that you hate going to your job because
you feel like you're dying a slow death
right now. And you don't know what you
want to do. You just know you don't want
to do this.
>> Yeah. You know that you're feeling
uninspired
around the folks that you're hanging out
with. And it's probably largely because
you're not that inspiring right now or
inspired by your life. You know that
you're sick of wasting 3 to six hours
every day online. You know it. And you
have a lot of internal friction about
it. Same thing is true about your
business. Every part of your business
that you hate, that drives you crazy,
that makes you frustrated, that's a
point of friction. Put it down. Now on
the right side, put down the things that
are going well. And you may have a
period of your life right now where
nothing is. And if you can't even think
about what's going well, then you can
ask yourself, okay, when was I the
happiest? When would when did I feel
like myself? It might have been high
school. And then ask yourself, well,
what what was it? What did my day-to-day
life look like? And you'll see this
pattern emerge. And the pattern is
always the same. When life is going well
and you don't have friction, you're
getting up, you're going somewhere, you
are surrounded by your friends, you have
something to do afterwards, whether it's
sports or it's a project that you're
interested in, you have something in the
future that you're looking forward to,
and you're taking care of your body. It
is so standard to everybody. It's
universal and yet it feels deeply
personal when you're the one stuck. And
so look at the friction. Those are the
things you need to change. Look at
things that are going well or remember a
period in your life where you really
enjoyed your life. Your life holds the
data. Find it and then do the things
that you used to be doing that made you
feel good when you felt good in your
life. And you will realize, my god, I
have not prioritized friendship. Wow,
I've been so busy watching fitness
influencer videos, I don't actually do
anything with my body. I beat myself up
because all I do is watch people that
have 40 40 hours to do meal prep, but
then I eat like crap because I'm so
stressed out and now I'm in this cycle
with myself. So, the friction side are
all the things you need to think about.
How could I make small gains and improve
that area? The positive side are things
you need to add in or continue doing. So
that's one way you can attack this.
Second way you can attack this is notice
who you're jealous of. Jealousy is a
very powerful emotion because jealousy
one is very personal. It is impossible
for you to be jealous of something you
don't want. Like I'm not jealous of
somebody who drives a purple
Lamborghini. I don't want one. I really
don't. I see I don't even think it's an
interesting looking car. It has no
relevance to my life. But if I see
someone who is um like right now a
person that I'm I'm jealous of, it's
almost the wrong word, but I really
admire Steven Bartlett, Diary of the
CEO. Same here.
>> Very very close friend of mine. I love
him. He is one of the most generous
people in the world and love seeing him
win. He is world class when it comes to
video production.
>> And every time I see his work, there's a
part of ME THAT'S LIKE, "OH, IT'S SO
GOOD. I want to be that good. You know
what I mean? And so it's this mix of
like ah and oh. And so anybody that
you're jealous of, there's something
about the way they're moving through
life. There's something about how they
take care of themselves. There's
something about their energy. There's
something about their relationship.
There's something about the way they do
business that you're drawn toward. And
the reason why it comes across as
jealousy instead of inspiration is
because deep down you know you want this
thing but you are through your
self-doubt and anxiety blocking
yourself from moving toward it. See
jealousy is blocked ambition. Jealousy
is blocked desire. And the interesting
thing is is the second you start working
toward the thing that you want, you
don't feel jealous of people anymore
because you're giving yourself
permission to pursue something that you
really want. All the influencers that
people are jealous of, all of the people
online that you see making money that
you're jealous of, you roll your eyes,
you're annoyed by them. I guarantee you,
you wish you've learned to take you've
learned how to make money online. That's
why you feel that way.
>> Yeah.
>> And so pay attention to jealousy. It is
a road mapap toward the things that
you're interested in. And so that's
another way that you can start to
identify and find the courage to say
actually I really do want to do this
thing and nobody is going to come and do
this for me. It's up to me. Like it's
not about finding a partner who's going
to pay for your life. It's about you
recognizing what are your ambitions and
what are the things that you want
because you have through your brain and
through your actions the ability over
time to create incredible things. But
you will not create them if you sit
there and and I don't know anyone
[__] You know exactly what you want
if you take the time to really be honest
with yourself. You get one life. Like
why waste it watching everybody else do
the things that you've always wanted to
do? You can figure stuff out. You can
>> I'm really glad you brought up Stephen
and I'm really glad how you're who
you're talking about this because when I
look at him and I absolutely love what
he's doing, but then I look at his
lifestyle like he's constantly on the
go. My kids are six and four.
>> Yeah.
>> They will not forgive [laughter]
if I do this to that. Like constantly
being on the flight.
>> Okay, this is great. This is great cuz
here's what you're going to do. You use
these things, these tools that I'm
giving you to remove the biggest
obstacle that you have, which is you're
the biggest no when it comes to the
things that you want. Your job is not to
say no to yourself. Your job is to be
the loudest yes. I can figure that out.
So, when you start to notice, okay,
jealousy gives you a beacon. It's like
something out in the future that helps
you pivot a couple degrees and start
prioritizing something that helps you
move in a different direction. you will
then pull it back to yourself and you
have to then go, okay, well, what do I
value? I have two young kids. I am I do
not want to be on a plane. And so, I can
move toward that, but I've got to do it
in a way that's me. I got to do it in a
way that works for my timeline because
one of my core values is I'm not a
single dude that is just like gunning
and ambitious and just wanting to work
work work. I want to make room for being
a mom. And so that's how you make it
personal because one of the other things
that that really got in my way for a
long time and I know gets in the way of
so many people. Oh, I don't want to copy
anybody. It's already been done. You
cannot copy anybody else
>> because first of all, everybody is
copying everybody else because we are
drawing inspiration from other people.
Absolutely.
>> And you won't ever copy them because
it's impossible to do exactly what
somebody else is doing. You will always
put your own spin on it. You will always
do it on your own timeline. You will
always always always do it in a way that
is unique to you because you have
different values. You have a different
singular purpose here and other people
are not blocking you from doing it.
Other people are helping you lead
yourself in a particular direction. And
that's what jealousy helps you identify.
It helps you flip jealousy into
inspiration. It helps you see other
people as not competitors but people
that can lead you toward things that can
teach you things. And also you have to
be awake enough and clear enough that if
you want kids, if you want a family
life, if there are things that are more
important to you or as important to you
as your ambition and as making money and
launching something that's your own,
then you will have to figure out a way
to have all of it be part of one big pie
that you call life. That's why you're
never going to copy anybody else because
you can't. You get inspir inspiration.
You can even hire somebody's exact team
and it will never be the same
>> absolutely
>> as what somebody else is doing.
>> But then the the timeline is super
helpful because if you're comparing
yourself to Stephen like, "Oh, how old
is he on him already?" And but then
you're like,
>> "He's on a different path." You have a
different timeline. I am so grateful
that everything happened to me late in
life and in my 30s and my 40s, you know,
I was like, "When is it going to
happen?" Like, why can't I be
successful? You know, I'm happy for my
girlfriends and my male friends that are
like getting career advances and buying
bigger houses and woe is me. When is it
going to be my turn? And I have come to
believe I I I really believe this. If
you are a good person,
if you have character,
if you're clear about what you want, and
if you can throw your timeline out the
window, I refuse to believe you will not
be successful. I refuse. I am convinced
that success is about not quitting and
that there is something meant for you in
the future. And if you just keep putting
your head down and you keep defining
what you want and you keep inching
yourself forward and you really work on
being a good person too, that it will
work out for you. It will.
>> Yeah. It's a matter of not quitting, not
saying no to yourself, and understanding
that there is a moment for you in the
future when all of this hard work pays
off. And you will never be able to
predict how magical, how different it's
going to be than you thought it was when
you got started or when you're in the
trenches or when your first business
fails or when the 17th investment person
says, "No, I'm not going to invest in
your thing or when kids come and now you
have to slow down and the timeline has
to expand because there's more important
priorities."
>> 100%.
>> And that's the cool thing about life.
>> Yeah, that's awesome. So, when you
realize, okay, I want this. This is
like, I'm not going to push myself. How
do you deal with FOMO? Because when you
look at someone you admire or you're
jealous of, they're doing this, this,
and that. And you're like, oh, did I
have to be there, too? How many things
should I fit in my calendar? How do you
deal with this?
>> How do I deal with this?
>> With FOMO? Yeah.
>> Well, I don't I don't experience it that
much.
>> How?
>> What do you mean how?
>> I don't know. Because with social media,
like we're flooded by all the
opportunities and like seeing people do
that. But
>> here's what I want you to understand.
See, social media is for you. Social
media, you are either using [snorts] it
as a tool or you become the tool. And
I'm not saying that in a positive way.
Social media is the most extraordinary
tool in the world to do research, to
market yourself, to get your message
out, to uh connect with like-minded
people. And if you are maniacal about
using it as a tool to achieve something,
you will be wildly successful and you
will manage your time and your
attention. If you don't do it that way,
cuz think about your social media
accounts. They're for you. They're not
for your high school and college
friends. They're not for your family.
They're for you and your self-expression
and your business. So, there is the
output on social media. But then the
thing that most of us don't pay
attention to is the value of your
attention. And what are you allowing as
input? And the more time you spend on
that, the more money everybody else
makes. And you have to be
really really careful because what you
allow in is what programs your mind is
what changes your energy. And if you are
currently experiencing FOMO,
it's because you don't use social media
correctly. In my opinion, it's very
normal to feel FOMO, but the second you
start feeling like you're going down
that that tunnel, you have to develop
habits to be able to go, "This is not
helping me right now."
>> How do you decide when it's not
something for you? How do you say no?
>> What do you mean? Give me
>> Do you have like criteria? For example,
okay, uh I I've heard I think Tim
Ferrris mentioned it how he makes
decisions these days. uh is the person
that's suggesting this is he gonna
uplift me like does he have skills that
I want to learn second is this project
like take me towards the goal do you
have like a uh a list of questions you
ask yourself to determine whether the
opportunity is for you or not
>> well it's a great question I think that
every opportunity that you get you have
to ask yourself is this advancing
something that's important to me what am
I how will I measure
that this opportunity opportunity was a
successful use of my time. See, I'm the
kind of person that reverse engineers
everything. So, let's say that you get a
invitation to attend some sort of
business thing, right? Ask yourself what
would have to happen
in order for this to have been a good
use of my time? Because if you don't
know the answer to that, then you don't
value your time.
>> You're just like a fish swimming around
hoping somebody catches you.
>> Yeah.
>> You're mind. See, if everything's
important, nothing is. And the single
most important commodity that you have
is your time. And the second one is your
attention. And the third is your energy.
And so what is the value of your time?
And there are going to be plenty of
events or meetings or whatever where it
is important and worth your time to go
to the meeting simply so that a person
that you are going to meet with will
talk about you in rooms you won't be in
in a very positive way. There are
certain moments where it's important to
go to an event that you have no desire
to go to simply so you can get a photo
at the event that then you can use on
your website that helps build the
perception that you're doing something.
So, do you see how you know going in
what you want to get out of it?
>> Yeah.
>> That's how you actually value your time.
You anchor it to an outcome that's
worthy of your time.
>> Yeah, that's important for you, right?
>> Uhhuh. Because too many too many people
[clears throat] show up at things going,
"Oh, I'm just supposed to be at this
thing."
>> Yeah. What if I meet this person?
>> You might, but what if you were to go to
the next networking event and say, "I'm
going and I'm not allowed to leave until
I get seven people's contact
information." Do you see how different
that is?
>> Yeah.
>> And so now you're going with a purpose.
Now you're going in because you value
your time. You could do a little
research and go, "Oh, I think so and so
is going to be there. I'm not allowed to
leave until I walk up and introduce
myself and I ask this question." That's
the purpose of going.
>> One ask, right? One purpose. Love it.
>> Yeah. Because that focuses you.
>> Let's talk about money and anxiety.
Okay.
>> Uh and this is a personal question for
me. Like I don't know where it's coming
from. I feel like the immigrant mindset,
but basically my self-worth is really
dependent on my productivity and how
much money I'm making.
>> Okay.
>> What is wrong with this and how do you
work with this?
>> Well, I don't know that there's anything
wrong with it. Like, see, see, for me, I
can't climb up into your brain and tell
you what's right or wrong for you. I can
just tell you based on the research and
based on things that I've tried for
myself.
>> Yeah.
>> What's been helpful to me? And
>> have you ever had this problem? the
problem of like the views define your
worth or like the achievements define
your worth money
>> of course. So here's the thing to ask
yourself because you know I am really
focused on what's in my control and
what's not in my control and you are
never in control of the views on your
videos or the downloads on your podcast
or how many people
>> You kind of are.
>> No I'm not. No I'm not. Absolutely not.
>> Why not? Because why not?
>> Yeah. Hire a strategist who is
understanding.
>> I'll tell you why not. Because I don't
control whether or not another human
being is going to wake up tomorrow and
make time to hit play on something that
I do. Don't ever take that for granted.
Like I have to wake up every day and and
say how do I make the next episode
worthy of someone's time? So you can't
guarantee the result. The only thing you
can control is the process,
the mission and the intention and the
systems that create the desired result.
>> And too many people focus on the result
>> instead of focusing on the systems that
create the result. So, you know, James
Clear, who wrote the Atomic Habits, has
this great thing where he does, I think,
the four things that people make wrong
about goals. People who win and people
who lose have the exact same goals. The
best team in the NBA and the worst team
all have the goal to win the
championship. Think about the difference
between a person who is in business who
says, "I want to build a business that
has a whatever. I I want to build a
business that does a million dollars in
revenues this year. That's a goal.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you focus on the million dollars or
do you focus dayto-day on the systems
and the process and the habits
>> and the things that create that outcome?
>> Yeah. You're
>> too many people are actually focused on
the outcome, the likes, the money, the
car, the purse, the friend group instead
of thinking about what's in your
control, which is what who is the kind
of person that has great friendships?
Who is the kind of person that has an
incredible vibrant energy and takes
great care of themselves? What are the
systems? What are the habits? What are
the process that creates that over time?
I am obsessive not about I don't even
have the backend to our metrics on the
podcast because I become a nutcase
obsessed with the data because I'm a
very data driven person and my team does
that intentionally so that I don't take
my eye off the ball of what's actually
important which is is the work that
we're putting out today worthy of
somebody's time and if it's not then we
shouldn't be putting it out. So it's
basically your own filter because for me
views basic they're like uh a reflection
of the systems that I've built right
because if the views are up then the
system is good. The views are down I'm
like okay I need to change something
again.
>> Maybe maybe not. Maybe they're a
function of the algorithm changing.
>> Maybe they're a function of like to me
everybody has become so vanity obsessed
with data and with views. You can have a
massive business. You can make a global
impact with 10,000 followers.
>> That's true.
>> If you are yourself, if you are
providing value to people, and this is a
very important thing about what's in
your control and what's not. One reason
why I think people get so anxious and
depressed and oh my god and and
concerned about other people's opinions
is you think your value is in the number
of followers, the amount of money that
you make, what people are saying about
you. All of that stuff is out of your
control. You could never ever ever
control what another person does. You
can't control whether or not they like
or dislike your content. You cannot
control whether or not they buy your
stuff. You can't. You got to let them.
And you've got to pull all the the
energy that you're wasting trying to
micromanage everything so that other
people like it and pull it back and go,
"Wait a minute. I got to focus on do I
like what I'm doing? Am I proud of what
I'm putting out there?" Because if you
like what you're doing and you're proud
of what you're putting out there, that's
what you can control. And over time, if
you keep doing it, there's 8 billion
people on this planet. You will find the
people that really resonate with what
you're doing. You will start to listen
to the people that are showing up and
that'll help you change whatever service
or product or thing that you're doing. I
think people that are trying to engineer
for verality and success because they
want the success actually are
engineering for failure.
>> So when you stumble upon a negative
comment about yourself, what goes on in
your brain?
>> I don't. And I'll tell you why. Why
would I take advice or why would I give
a [__] about what some stranger on the
internet is doing?
>> Because for me, like as an entrepreneur,
I see them as consumers of my product
and they're like,
>> "They're not consuming your product if
they're spending time saying negative
things about you. M
>> I only take criticism from people that
are doing what I'm doing or people who I
respect.
>> And somebody who's wasting time
>> spreading negativity online is not
somebody I respect. So I do not give it
a single ounce of thought. Period. And
by the way, a quarter of the
interactions you have online are with
bots. And so do not discount the
unbelievable barrage of negative
[__] that is coming from bots aimed
at anybody that is putting themselves
out there in a way that attracts
attention.
>> Yeah.
>> And so value your time and ask yourself
like why would you care? Like there's a
difference between
negative constructive criticism that has
the intention of providing feedback that
is meant to have you do better. Do you
see that?
>> Yeah.
>> Versus the mindless stupidity
and I think violence
that we've allowed to happen online.
>> Yeah.
>> Do not even let them let these idiots
say whatever the hell they want. Who
cares? I love this theory of yours.
>> Well, I'm serious. Like, let me remind
myself. I know what my goals are. I know
the kind of person I am. I know my
intention in putting this out. So, let
them let them. Let them. Let them
misunderstand. Let them take out their
anxiety and their, you know, desire to
blame the world for the way their life
is. Let them. Let them. Let them. How do
you apply this theory when someone is
very close to you and saying negative
things about things you want to start
doing or you are doing?
>> Stop looking at your family and your
friends for the support you need when it
comes to business and change.
>> Your family and your friends have not
done the thing you want to do. It is a
normal reaction for people who know you
as you are to question and misunderstand
your dreams and goals because your
dreams and goals are not meant for them.
That's why they don't understand them.
And they will always and forever be
concerned about whether or not you're
going to be okay and whether or not it's
going to work because they love you.
There's this famous saying that David
Kesler, this incredible expert on grief,
says, which is, "Stop looking for milk
in a hardware store. If you want support
in some change you're making, do not
waste time hoping and wishing people who
have not made that change are going to
be able to support you. People can only
meet you as deeply as they've met
themselves. And your goals and dreams
are meant for you. There are people in
this world who have done what you want
to do. They have made the changes that
you want to make. Find them online. Find
them in groups in the city you live in.
read books about these people, follow
videos. Those are the people are going
to support you because they know what
you're going to be going through. They
know how difficult it is. And so I want
you to see like people like I'll give
you an example from my life where I was
the bad guy. So my daughter uh Sawyer
who I wrote the Let Them Theory book
with, she had worked in cyber security
at a massive international cyber
security firm in marketing for three
years. She had worked there during
college as well. and she'd saved a bunch
of money and she came to me and my
husband and said, you know, guys, I I'm
gonna quit my job and I've decided I'm
going to fulfill a lifelong dream and I
am going to go to Asia and solo backpack
as a 25-year-old woman for the next 5
months. This is her dream. Do you know
what that sounded like to me?
>> That's a [snorts] mother's worst
nightmare, right? So, I'm like, "No,
you're not. What do you mean? How's this
going to work? Oh my god." So, I was not
supportive
>> because I'm scared. Yeah.
>> And I'm scared not because I want to
like derail her dreams, but because, you
know, her decision is now triggering
this fear in me. And I don't mean to
block her dreams. I just love her and I
want her to be okay. That's a beautiful
thing, but I'm not being helpful and
supportive. And so, that's an example of
how somebody who loves you and who wants
the best for you can say things that
feel very defeist or unsupportive. And
that's why you've got to let them. Her
dream is not meant for me. That's why I
don't understand it. I have no desire to
do that. That's that's why I question
it.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's not your job to question your
dreams. Your job is to follow them.
>> I love it.
>> And do not look at your mom and dad as
the people who should support you in
being sober if they drink. Do not look
at your partner to support you in
running a marathon if they have not been
off the couch or seen the inside of a
gym in two years because they don't
understand it. It's not meant for them.
Let them.
>> Wow. How do you You mentioned your
daughter several times. Have you
[clears throat] ever experienced mom
guilt, especially when you were building
your career, right? You have to be away
from the kids.
>> Yes. It's the worst. Um, you know, the
way that I wrestled it, cuz when I
started building my career, it was
around4
where I started to travel. And the truth
is, desperation is an incredible
motivator. And I had leans on my house.
We were $800,000 in debt. My husband had
re left the restaurant business that was
going under. And I was the sole bread
winner. And so I said yes to everything
because my highest value was safety. I
was going to do everything I could to
pay off our debt, to put groceries on
the table, to get my kids into town
soccer, to be able to provide them what
I wanted to provide them as a parent, to
make the ends meet. I said, "Yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes."
And I was lucky enough to work so hard
and to be so talented as a speaker
giving keynotes at corporate
conferences. This would have been 2014
to about 2019 that I was on the road 150
days a year.
>> How old were your kids?
>> My kids were um Oh god, you're going to
ask me to do math right now. Um my kids
were probably
13 and under. 13 11 and it was painful.
>> It was so painful to miss so much.
>> Do you regret it now?
>> No.
>> Absolutely not. Because it was a
necessity. I wasn't doing it to make
millions of dollars. I was doing it to
pay my bills. Like it's a joke that
people think you can't work or that it's
like something you should regret. Like
if you want to take responsibility for
your life, there are things you're going
to have to do that you don't want to do.
That's what it means to be an adult.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's a it was a fantasy to think
that I could be home because we were so
in debt and my husband was so beaten
down and a shell of himself. It was on
me. If I wanted to keep the house, if I
wanted to pay the bills, if I wanted my
kids to be able to do the things at
school that cost extra money, then it
was on me. And so, I had this experience
where I desperately missed them. I
missed most of what happened in middle
school and high school with my daughters
because I was on the road all the time.
And the way that I started to wrestle
with the guilt, because there's two
forms of guilt. There's productive
guilt, which is the kind of guilt that
comes up that's like ding ding ding ding
ding. The reason you feel guilty for not
making an effort to see your aging
parents or to spend more time with
family is because family matters to you.
>> Yeah. And so that kind of guilt's really
good because it organizes
your sense of character and your values
to get you to pay attention to the
things you're neglecting. But then
there's the second form of guilt which
is very destructive which is you're
like, "I'm a bad mom. I'm a bad person.
I can't do anything right. See, I'm
failing everywhere. I feel so guilty."
You aim it here versus aiming it out
there at what I need to change. And it
helped to know that I was doing this
because as a mom, safety and security
were my number one priority. And I also
focused on the fact that while I didn't
have quantity of time in person, I had
quality on the weekends when I was home.
>> Yeah.
>> And the truth is traveling for work,
like lots of people do that.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's not like I was
deployed and I didn't see my family for
a year, which is a completely different
type of sacrifice that people make. It's
not like there are lots of other things
that happen. And so, I also did a little
perspective checking. The other thing
that helped me a lot, and this is a
small tweak, is that your guilt as a mom
serves no one. In fact, when you feel
guilty for having ambition,
you're actually blaming your family.
Like when I say to my kid, I feel so
guilty. It's like it's their fault.
>> Yeah.
>> So, here's what switched it for me. I
started saying, "Thank you.
Thank you for being so supportive of my
career. Thank you for always cheering me
on.
I miss you when I'm gone, but I so
appreciate the level of support you guys
give me. And I said the same thing to my
husband. I could not do this without you
being a stay-at-home dad. Thank you
guys. And here's what I want you to
know. When you grow up and you go out
into the world and you go chase down
some dream of yours, I'm going to be the
loudest cheerleader. I'm going to be
there to support you because you
supported me. Thank you.
>> I love that. And so that brings them
into what you're doing versus you
separating yourself. I feel so bad. I'm
sorry. I'm guilt. I'm terrible mother.
That makes your kids feel bad.
>> Do you feel like you've slowed down from
that time? No. In terms No. Okay.
>> No.
>> So, you're still like 180 days on the
road.
>> I'm not on the road that much. Um, I run
a very big business. It's a very
complicated business. I have 55
employees.
>> Wow. We reach between 9 and 11 million
listeners a week with the Mel Robbins
podcast. We are the third largest
podcast in the world.
>> And you were just nominated for Golden
Globe. Amazing. Congratulations.
>> And what a lot of people don't know is
that we put more than a hundred hours
into every episode. We do different
episodes on YouTube than we do for audio
because the audiences are different. I
have invested heavily in tech. And so
I'm not a podcast host. I'm a tech
entrepreneur. I'm a businesswoman. And I
feel like a lot of things that people do
when it comes to building something is
you think being good at something is
what makes you successful. That's not
what makes you successful. Being good at
something is the price of entry. If
you're not good at something, then get
good. Yeah,
>> because that's the baseline. You have no
business doing something and charging
people for something if you're not good
at it. And there are ways to focus on
the skills of being better at something
by doing it. But the way you become
excellent is you become obsessive about
the details that nobody else is thinking
about. The way that you become obsessive
and excellent is you think about who is
it for, what's it for. That comes from
Seth Goden, the godfather of marketing.
and you think about how is what you're
doing valuable to another human being.
What are the levers and the nuances of
the ecosystem of the business that I'm
in that I need to understand? And in my
business of podcasting, Apple is very
different than Spotify. Spotify is very
different than YouTube.
>> Yeah. and not understanding the
difference between the actual tech
platforms and the way that they're
monetized means you're just good and
you're talented, but you're not actually
in the business because you don't
understand the larger ecosystem, which
makes you a sitting duck.
>> But does doesn't that make you feel that
you're doing too much and do you ever
want to slow down or you're in your
rhythm and you're okay with that? No, I
I you know had a big conversation with
my buddy Jay Shetty two years ago and we
were just talking about time and one of
the things that I think is very
important is to
really think about in the next 12 months
what is the highest priority that you
have? What do you value? And for me I
don't want to do more. I want to figure
out how to continue to be excellent, how
to deliver
something that really moves and empowers
and inspires people and how to do that
in less time and with more fun. Like for
me, it's about kind of optimizing what
we're already doing so we can be more
effective and more efficient and seeing
around the corners. Like I we were
investing heavily in AI tools two years
ago because my podcast is evergreen and
that means that unlike most shows where
things have a a week-long cycle cuz
you're interviewing a celebrity or
you're talking about breaking news or
smack talk something that's going down.
>> Our entire catalog will be relevant for
the next 100 years.
>> Amazing.
>> Because we talk about life. The question
is like, do you ever allow yourself to
slow down where you feel like you can't?
>> I have incredibly
great boundaries with work.
>> Can you give me some rules?
>> Yes, I have very big rules. And also
understand that I'm in a phase of my
career
where I understand the seat on the bus
I'm supposed to be in. One of the
hardest things about being an
entrepreneur is as you start to grow,
you will start hoarding all the things
when you need to start to hire people
that are better than you in those roles.
Uh here are some really big goals. I
never have my phone on my person. So if
I'm at work, it's on my desk.
>> Everyone that works for me will tell you
I'm constantly like, "Does anyone know
where my phone is?" When I am at home,
it goes either at my desk at home or it
goes in this particular corner in the
kitchen where it's plugged in, but it's
not on my person. And the reason why is
the further away it is from me, the less
distracted I am by it. And that's a huge
thing. I set out rules. I never accept a
speech on a Monday or a Friday because
it requires me to travel.
>> I never I block out my weekends. I do
not do work on the weekends, period. I
we are scheduled all the way through
next year so that I know what five days
every month I am in our studios in
Boston. That's where we do 10 expert
interviews in 5 days. And then the other
ones I do wherever. I obsessively block
my time so that I'm only traveling
during certain window of a month and I
get two or three weeks at my home in
southern Vermont. I live in a tiny town.
>> When did you introduce those rules? What
was the period of time when you're like,
"Okay, I'm successful enough to be able
to do this."
>> 201 uh 18 I started saying, "I don't
want to travel like I am. I've paid off
the lean on the house.
>> I've restored our savings."
>> Yeah.
>> I don't need to keep saying yes, yes,
yes, yes, yes. Because I've achieved the
goal.
>> You will become more successful the more
you say no. Because when you say no,
something interesting happens. People
are like, "Wait a minute." Well, what's
it going to take? Because when you say
no, you've initiated this really weird
thing that happens that people want you
more.
>> Yeah, I've noticed that suddenly budgets
come up, suddenly things start shifting.
>> And you also want to understand if
everything's important, nothing is
important. I'm going to say that again.
If everything's important, nothing's
important. And I think one of the
biggest problems a lot of people have
right now, I had this for sure, is you
don't even know what's important.
Do you know the number one priority that
you need to achieve this week related to
either your personal goal or related to
your business? If you don't know the
number one strategic objective that you
need to make progress on this week, you
do not have a business plan.
>> I love it.
>> You have a reaction plan because you are
going to allow everybody else's
emergencies to become your priority. Do
you know how easy it is for your
partners or other people to email you or
text you or slack you or do whatever and
now you think that has to go to the top
of your list? You think you got to
respond to every email right away. When
you do that, you teach people that
you're not actually busy. It starts with
you. You have to learn to respect your
own time. You have to get back to being
strategic and identifying every week,
what's the single most important thing
that I am doing this week that I need to
make meaningful progress on? If you have
a team, what is the single most
important thing for every person on the
team to achieve this week in their lane?
If they don't know it, you're not
running your company. You're running in
circles.
>> Wow, you're a genius. I love that.
>> Well, I'm 57. I screwed things up for a
long time. There were periods of my
career that were driven by desperation
and need. And once I handled the bills,
then I could go into,
okay, well, what is it that what's the
dream? What's the strategy? How do you
turn this into a business? I've made so
many mistakes. I have been the victim of
wire fraud. I have pe I have had a
person that I trusted steal a database
of 700,000
email names
>> and destroy and present fake data during
a book launch. And then as we started to
catch them, they re-uploaded things into
the email database and started spamming
people. So our URL got tagged by Gmail.
>> I have had people steal from me. I have
been an idiot about things and that will
happen to you as you build a business.
It just happens and you will learn from
it and you will be okay. And you know
when I say let them, you're not allowing
people to do anything. You're forcing
yourself to recognize
who people are, what the situation is,
and to understand that the one thing in
life you can never control is what other
people think, what they do, what they
believe, how they act. So do not give
your time and energy to it. Let them.
And then say the second part. Let me
remind myself. What's in my control is
my attitude. What's in my control is
what I choose to do and what I choose
not to do. And what's in my control is
how I respond to emotions. Do I let them
run me over, which I used to? I used to
be probably the worst person to work for
because my energy was so all over the
place and I was constantly stressed out
and I was constantly barking at myself
and other people and negative attitude.
Like manage your energy. I believe that
leaders bring the weather. What does
that mean? You get to choose every day
whether you're the sun and you're warm
and you're capable and it shifts
everything if you believe that you're
going to figure it out and you're kind
and you manage that energy or you can be
the storm and we've all worked for a
storm and we hate those people.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's a really valuable currency
that you have that I want you to take
seriously. Figure out what you want.
really be the kind of bluebird sunny
sky. That doesn't mean you're nice or a
pushover. It means you're kind and clear
and firm. Know what you want. Reverse
engineer it. Put your head down. Throw
out your timeline cuz you have no idea
what extraordinary path you're about to
walk down. You can figure it out. You're
going to surprise yourself by what
you're capable of creating. And the cool
thing about having kids is how are they
going to learn to pursue their dreams?
How do they learn to build something
that's their own house? How do they
learn?
>> Yeah.
>> You show them.
>> And you learn how to trust yourself.
>> Yeah.
>> Whatever happens. Love it. Let's let's
wrap up this
>> with trying your new drink.
>> Oh my god. Okay.
>> Can we try it?
>> Yes. So, I am so excited because Thank
you for this. Everything that I do is
I'm so intellectually curious. I'm
constantly interested in
what are some things I can use based on
science that are simple that help me
create a better life. I just love
finding innovative new ways to think
about things to do things. And two years
ago, Dr. Amy Shaw, episode 77, came on
the podcast and just dropped like
unbelievable wisdom one after the other.
She was the first person on the podcast
to come on and talk about the importance
of protein, not just for muscles, but
also for dopamine and serotonin and
focus. And she was the first person that
made me realize, wait a minute, protein
isn't just something you need for the
gym. Protein is critical for your life.
>> Yeah.
>> And once she told me that you need to
get a certain amount of protein for
energy, for vitality, for focus, for
your hormone balance. I started focusing
on protein and it's really hard
>> it
>> to get the amount of protein that the
medical experts recommend
>> and I was eating the chicken and the
salmon and the beef and the bars and the
smoothies and all and I was always
coming up short and about a year ago um
somebody sent me this product and it was
a protein shot where there were 23 grams
of protein in a TSA approved 3 oz
bottle.
>> Nice. And I, you know, drank the product
and I was like, "Well, this is
incredible, but I hate the taste and I
don't like the ingredients." And I
reached out to the founders and I said,
"I think you are marketing something for
people that care about macros in the gym
and you're not recognizing that
everybody needs protein. Like kids that
are in school that are neurode divergent
need protein because they can't focus
and
>> being fed pizza in a plastic."
>> Yes. And people recovering from surgery
and cancer can't get enough protein. I
can't get enough protein. High school
students can't get enough protein. You
know, on the days that you can meal prep
and do it all, maybe you can get enough
protein, but it's very hard
>> to get enough protein in the right
calorie count with all the amino acids.
And I said, I think that I should get
involved and I should build the
scientific advisory board of
worldrenowned medical experts and I
should go to the factory and I should
meet the scientists and I should drive
the flavor and we should work with
renowned doctors to create the single
best complete protein on the go that's
clinical grade that anybody can use
that's a high impact protein. And here's
a quick trick for everybody. The way
that you know high impact protein is if
you look at the protein count which is
>> okay
>> uh 23
>> grams add a zero. So what is that?
>> 230.
>> Yep. Now now compare that to calories.
>> Oh 100.
>> Yeah.
>> So if it's a lot bigger than the calorie
count that's a high impact protein. So
all of the things right now that have
protein, the chips, the this, the you'll
notice it's 5 g
>> to like 200 calories. So if you add a
zero 50 to So now you know, okay,
>> 92% of the calories, it's 100 calories,
gluten-free, zero sugar, it's got
stevia, monk fruit. 92% of the calories
are coming from a complete protein in
that.
>> Okay, let's
>> Here's a little taste. You don't have to
refrigerate it. It's better refrigerate.
>> Just Just like this.
>> Yes, that's it.
>> Do you mix it with water?
>> You don't have to. Go ahead. You can
taste it plain. And then I'll pour a
little in your water.
>> Oh, wow. It tastes like candy. It
doesn't taste like a protein shake or
something. Wow.
>> And look, you can mix it with water or
iced tea or a margarita or
>> this candy that I used to eat as a kid.
>> Everyone's like, "This tastes like
Hi-Chew."
>> Hi-Chew.
>> Yes. And we worked with all these
medical doctors. A lot of protein
products have sucralose in it, which
counteracts chemotherapy.
>> And so this has no artificial colors, no
artificial. So good. Oh my god.
>> We figured it out. There is no other
protein shot in the market.
>> Please send it to me when you launch it
because this is going to be in my kids
bottles when they go to school.
>> And let me show you something.
>> Wow.
>> The name Pure Genius. I drove all the
branding. I recruited a world-class
medical board. I am a full co-founder. I
I I refuse to put my name on something I
will not
>> I did not drive and I don't trust. And
that's why I changed the formulation.
That's why I went to the labs. That's
why I've met all the researchers and
scientists. That's why I've drove every
decision. And check this out. The brand
was very important to me because I want
you to feel like a genius
>> for using this.
>> Yeah.
>> And the universal symbol for a great
idea
>> is a Yeah. Is a light bulb.
>> Love it.
>> And so I want you to feel it's all
inspired by vintage light bulbs. And I
want you to feel like a genius for
choosing to prioritize your health and
for choosing something that's simple and
that's backed by science. And that's
pure genius.
>> I love the message you're sending with
this because as an immigrant, uh, a lot
of my followers know food is was a big
problem for me in the US and I'm still
trying to figure it out, especially with
my kids at school. And I'm glad that
>> creators are now paying attention to
this and yeah, that you're building
something that's healthy. Thank you so
much.
>> You're welcome. You're welcome
>> and thank you for this conversation. I'm
taking so muchful I'm taking so much
with me. I'm gonna
>> and you know this was we had a little
bit of time so I'm normally not this
like boom boom boom but it's important
for you to understand you have so much
more power
>> than you're giving yourself credit for
>> that you can figure it out that the
tools are out there that you're capable
of it. And the first step is just giving
yourself permission to admit that there
are certain aspects of your life that
don't feel the way you want them to
feel.
>> Yeah.
>> And you can change it when you do that.
>> The most important thing is trusting
myself as well.
>> Well, you trust you gain trust by
watching yourself do
>> what you want to do.
>> Yeah.
>> You trust yourself by proving it to
yourself one action at a time. If you
align your life with your values and if
you make decisions based on the things
that will make you proud of yourself
based on who you are right now and what
your values are, that's how you build
trust with yourself. You build it one
decision at a time.
>> Love it. Thank you so much. was amazing.